clearpass-api-auth/README.md, before:


# clearpass-api-auth

![version 2017.02](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2017.02-brightgreen.svg "version 2017.02") [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) ![Aruba Security Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/Source-Aruba_Security-orange.svg "Aruba Security Group")


## Overview
This is a Python3 code snippet for obtaining an OAuth 2.0 access token for accessing the ClearPass REST API.

## Current Version
2017.02 (2017-10-07)

## Change Log
### 2017.02 (2017-10-07)
Parsed out access_token, token_type, token_expires_in, and scope
### 2017.01 (2017-07-28)
Initial Release

## Pre-requisites
* An API client must be defined in ClearPass Guest under Administration » API Services » API Clients
* An authentication service must be created in ClearPass Policy Manager to handle the OAuth 2.0 request

## Usage
Configure the required parameters in config/params.cfg:
* clearpass_fqdn 
* grant_type

The remaining parameters vary by grant type.

Call the script with no arguments: 

> `python3 clearpassauth.py`

## License
Copyright (c) Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").

## Other Information
Author: @timcappalli, Aruba Security Group

Organization: Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise company

Commit message:

2017.03
Fix path to params.cfg
Added docstrings
Removed printing of the payload
API privileges and role now available

clearpass-api-auth/README.md, after:


# clearpass-api-auth

![version 2017.03](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2017.03-brightgreen.svg "version 2017.03") [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) ![Aruba Security Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/Source-Aruba_Security-orange.svg "Aruba Security Group")


## Overview
This is a Python3 code snippet for obtaining an OAuth 2.0 access token for accessing the ClearPass REST API.

## Current Version
2017.03 (2017-12-26)

## Change Log
### 2017.03 (2017-12-26)
* Added docstrings to functions
* Script no longer directly returns result, call the function with desired variable, ex: clearpassauth.access_token
* Access role and privilieges are now pulled for the session, use: clearpassauth.api_privs or clearpassauth.api_role
* Fix path to params.cfg
### 2017.02 (2017-10-07)
* Parsed out access_token, token_type, token_expires_in, and scope
### 2017.01 (2017-07-28)
* Initial Release

## Pre-requisites
* An API client must be defined in ClearPass Guest under Administration » API Services » API Clients
* An authentication service must be created in ClearPass Policy Manager to handle the OAuth 2.0 request

## Usage
Configure the required parameters in config/params.cfg:
* clearpass_fqdn 
* grant_type

The remaining parameters vary by grant type.

Import the script as a function

> `import clearpassauth`

> `token = clearpassauth.access_token`
> `my_privs = clearpassauth.api_privs`

## License
Copyright (c) Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").

## Other Information
Author: @timcappalli, Aruba Security Group

Organization: Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise company
